https://www.w3schools.com/about/about_copyright.asp
About Terms of Service Tutorials References Exercises Videos Pro NEW Menu Log in Paid Courses Website NEW HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT SQL PYTHON PHP BOOTSTRAP HOW TO W3.CSS JAVA JQUERY C C++ C# R React ? ? ? Dark mode Dark code × Tutorials HTML and CSS Learn HTML Learn CSS Learn RWD Learn Bootstrap Learn W3.CSS Learn Colors Learn Icons Learn Graphics Learn SVG Learn Canvas Learn How To Learn Sass Data Analytics Learn AI Learn Machine Learning Learn Data Science Learn NumPy Learn Pandas Learn SciPy Learn Matplotlib Learn Statistics Learn Excel XML Tutorials Learn XML Learn XML AJAX Learn XML DOM Learn XML DTD Learn XML Schema Learn XSLT Learn XPath Learn XQuery JavaScript Learn JavaScript Learn jQuery Learn React Learn AngularJS Learn JSON Learn AJAX Learn AppML Learn W3.JS Programming Learn Python Learn Java Learn C Learn C++ Learn C# Learn R Learn Kotlin Learn Go Learn Django Learn TypeScript Server Side Learn SQL Learn MySQL Learn PHP Learn ASP Learn Node.js Learn Raspberry Pi Learn Git Learn AWS Cloud Web Building Create a Website NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Data Analytics Learn AI Learn Machine Learning Learn Data Science Learn NumPy Learn Pandas Learn SciPy Learn Matplotlib Learn Statistics Learn Excel Learn Google Sheets XML Tutorials Learn XML Learn XML AJAX Learn XML DOM Learn XML DTD Learn XML Schema Learn XSLT Learn XPath Learn XQuery × References HTML HTML Tag Reference HTML Browser Support HTML Event Reference HTML Color Reference HTML Attribute Reference HTML Canvas Reference HTML SVG Reference Google Maps Reference CSS CSS Reference CSS Browser Support CSS Selector Reference Bootstrap 3 Reference Bootstrap 4 Reference W3.CSS Reference Icon Reference Sass Reference JavaScript JavaScript Reference HTML DOM Reference jQuery Reference AngularJS Reference AppML Reference W3.JS Reference Programming Python Reference Java Reference Server Side SQL Reference MySQL Reference PHP Reference ASP Reference XML XML DOM Reference XML Http Reference XSLT Reference XML Schema Reference Character Sets HTML Character Sets HTML ASCII HTML ANSI HTML Windows-1252 HTML ISO-8859-1 HTML Symbols HTML UTF-8 × Exercises and Quizzes Exercises HTML Exercises CSS Exercises JavaScript Exercises SQL Exercises MySQL Exercises PHP Exercises Python Exercises NumPy Exercises Pandas Exercises SciPy Exercises jQuery Exercises Java Exercises C++ Exercises C# Exercises R Exercises Kotlin Exercises Go Exercises Bootstrap Exercises Bootstrap 4 Exercises Bootstrap 5 Exercises Git Exercises Quizzes HTML Quiz CSS Quiz JavaScript Quiz SQL Quiz MySQL Quiz PHP Quiz Python Quiz NumPy Quiz Pandas Quiz SciPy Quiz jQuery Quiz Java Quiz C++ Quiz C# Quiz R Quiz Kotlin Quiz XML Quiz Bootstrap Quiz Bootstrap 4 Quiz Bootstrap 5 Quiz Cyber Security Quiz Accessibility Quiz Courses HTML Course CSS Course JavaScript Course Front End Course SQL Course PHP Course Python Course NumPy Course Pandas Course Data Analytics Course jQuery Course Java Course C++ Course C# Course R Course XML Course Cyber Security Course Accessibility Course Certificates HTML Certificate CSS Certificate JavaScript Certificate Front End Certificate SQL Certificate PHP Certificate Python Certificate Data Science Certificate Bootstrap 3 Certificate Bootstrap 4 Certificate jQuery Certificate Java Certificate C++ Certificate React Certificate XML Certificate × Tutorials References Exercises Paid Courses Spaces Videos Shop Pro About Us About W3Schools About Terms About Privacy Terms of Service ? Previous Next ? Overview The website and the solutions are operated and managed by separate entities. Refsnes Data offers the website (w3schools.com) including all its content, information, and related tools. The solutions (Such as Spaces, Courses, and My learning) and billing system are operated by W3schools Network. The two entities are separately responsible for the services that they provide, manage and operate. Throughout the site, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Refsnes Data and W3schools Network. By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our "Service" and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service", "Terms"), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content. Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website or services. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. Any new features or tools which are added to the current site shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes. Site Usage Terms By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. Access to services may require you to register an account. This could require you to provide information about yourself such as name, email address and credit card details. The account information and the use of data is subject to our Privacy Policy (https://www.w3schools.com/about/about_privacy.asp) You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You are responsible for complying with any law, rules, and regulations applicable to you. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of our Terms can result in an immediate termination of your Services. We reserve the right to remove or restrict your account and to remove content such as websites and other user-created data at any time at our sole and absolute discretion. General Conditions We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks, and are processed and handled by our selected Payment Service Providers. We only preserve the last four-digit and expiry date of your Credit card. This is, among other things, to let you know in advance if your Credit card is soon to expire, so that we can assure the continuous running of your Services with us. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms. Fair Use Fair use defines our exceptions to the rights protected by copyright laws. Fair use of W3Schools includes using copyrighted material: In research In news reporting In citations In commentary Fair use of W3Schools also includes: Linking to W3Schools Adding W3Schools to search engines Library archiving W3Schools Using W3Schools in Teaching Fair use includes using copyrighted material in teaching under this balancing: Favorable Use: Copying examples and code snippets for non-profit teaching and research. Copying small quantities, appropriate for classroom teaching. Not Favorable Use: Copying for profitable or commercial use. Massive or verbatim copying. Copying large quantities. Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information We are not responsible if information made available on our sites is incomplete or invalid. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site. If you discover that the site or its contents contains errors, please contact us so these can be corrected. Contact address: help@w3schools.com Modifications to the Service and Prices By agreeing to a subscription price, you will remain on that price for the duration of the payment term. Prices are subject to change at the end of your next payment term, and we will do our best to clearly inform you about any price change in advance of your next billing period. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. Products or Services Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected. Domains We are offering a service to our users to purchase domains, which connects to their W3schools Spaces. This enables the user to search, select and purchase a specific domain which will be linked to the Space by automation. You acknowledge that by purchasing a domain you are the sole owner and have the responsibility to act according to the related terms and conditions. W3schools are collaborating with third parties such as Amazon and its Route 53 services for registration and distribution of domains. You can read about the related third party terms and conditions agreement here: https://aws.amazon.com/route53/domain-registration-agreement/ The exceptions to this agreement are purchasing and billing, which is handled by W3schools who acts as the distributor. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to our support channel: support@w3schools.com Amazon is affiliated with Gandi as a registrar and the specific requirements related to each of the TLDs are available on the Amazon Registrar policy page and the Gandi contract page. Your acceptance of this agreement signifies that you have read, understood, acknowledged and agreed to the agreements, guidelines, policies, procedures, registration requirements or operational standard of the TLD in which you register any domain name. We maintain the right to cancel and withhold the refund if you do not accept the related requirements. W3Schools are responsible for the purchasing and billing related to the distribution. The domain gets renewed automatically every year and agree that you have understood that you have to actively cancel the renewal to opt out of the service. You can read more about billing in the section Accuracy of Billing and Account Information. We are not liable or responsible for any harm, errors or omissions related to any actions by the registry administrator, such as request to register or renewal. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Accuracy of Billing and Account Information We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e?mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made on our site. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Optional Tools We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools "as is" and "as available" without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service. Third-Party Links Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party. User Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions You are the owner of the content that you create with our services. The content is managed by you and you are responsible for its compliance. This includes copyright responsibility; you must agree that you only will create content that you own and/or have the right to use. We keep the right to change or delete user content at any time. If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any user content in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any user content; or (3) to respond to any comments. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your user content will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your user content will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. This includes any intellectual property, copyrighted material, trademark, patents and privacy rights. You may not use a false e?mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any user content. You are solely responsible for any user content you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party. Personal Information Your submission of personal information through the site is governed by our Privacy Policy. Errors, Inaccuracies and Omissions Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated. Prohibited Uses In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses. Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. You are the creator and owner of your user content and have the sole responsibility for it. You confirm that Refsnes Data is not in any way liable for your user content. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. In no case shall Refsnes Data as, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Refsnes Data as, owners, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party. Entire Agreement The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party. Governing Law These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Norway. Changes to Terms of Service You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact us at help@w3schools.com ? Previous Next ? NEW We just launched W3Schools videos Explore now COLOR PICKER Get certified by completing a course today! w3schools CERTIFIED . 2022 Get started CODE GAME Play Game Report Error Forum About Shop × Report Error If you want to report an error, or if you want to make a suggestion, do not hesitate to send us an e-mail: help@w3schools.com × Thank You For Helping Us! Your message has been sent to W3Schools. Top Tutorials HTML Tutorial CSS Tutorial JavaScript Tutorial How To Tutorial SQL Tutorial Python Tutorial W3.CSS Tutorial Bootstrap Tutorial PHP Tutorial Java Tutorial C++ Tutorial jQuery Tutorial Top References HTML Reference CSS Reference JavaScript Reference SQL Reference Python Reference W3.CSS Reference Bootstrap Reference PHP Reference HTML Colors Java Reference Angular Reference jQuery Reference Top Examples HTML Examples CSS Examples JavaScript Examples How To Examples SQL Examples Python Examples W3.CSS Examples Bootstrap Examples PHP Examples Java Examples XML Examples jQuery Examples Web Courses HTML Course CSS Course JavaScript Course Front End Course SQL Course Python Course PHP Course jQuery Course Java Course C++ Course C# Course XML Course Get Certified » W3Schools is optimized for learning and training. Examples might be simplified to improve reading and learning. Tutorials, references, and examples are constantly reviewed to avoid errors, but we cannot warrant full correctness of all content. While using W3Schools, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy. Copyright 1999-2022 by Refsnes Data. All Rights Reserved. W3Schools is Powered by W3.CSS.
