https://courses.w3schools.com/programs/web-app-development
Web application development - W3Schools Courses Skip To Content Login Web application development is a Program Web application development Self-paced $295 Enroll Courses available in this program: Learn HTML Learn CSS Learn JavaScript Learn SQL Learn PHP Full program description Start learning front- and back end web development with the w3schools courses and lay the foundations of your web application development skills. Most applications used today are web-based. Developing web applications requires skills in both front end and back end development. A good foundation of skills in front end development HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as well as skills in commonly used back end languages like SQL and PHP is a great place to start. This is a structured and interactive version of the w3schools HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL and PHP tutorials together with the w3schools certifications. Time to complete: Around 125 hours Â Language:Â EnglishÂ Â Prerequisites:Â None The courses are self-paced with text based modules, practical interactive examples and exercises to check your understanding as you progress. Complete the modules and the final certification exams for each to get the w3schools certification for each course: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, and PHP. What you will learn:Â  How to use the latest HTML 5 standard to HTML is used to format text, create hyperlinks, tables, lists, forms, display images and more. How to use CSS to change the appearance and layout of all the pages in a Web site. How to use JavaScript to improve the design, validate forms, detect browsers, create cookies, and much more. How to store, change and retrieve data in databases with SQL. How to generate dynamic page content, manage files and databases, and control user-access and data encryption with PHP. Certificate of completion preview: Sign up for this program today! $295 Enroll Course Catalog Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2022 W3Schools Courses All Rights Reserved.
