https://www.uwindsor.ca/returntocampus/469/attestation-and-providing-proof
Attestation and Providing Proof | Return to Campus Skip to main content Coming to campus? Visit this page for important information. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Return to Campus Roadmap for Fall Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Return to Campus Return to Campus Vaccination Policy Return to Campus Update: March 31, 2022 Wear a Mask Information for Students Information for Faculty Information for Staff Information about Research Latest News Available and Remote Campus Services Institutional Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic Health & Safety: COVID-19 Guidelines and Protocols Building and Facilities Protocols Vaccination Policy Requests for Exemptions Attestation and Providing Proof Testing FAQs Take a Jab! Action Group Submit a Question Return to Campus Update: March 31, 2022 Wear a Mask Information for Students Information for Faculty Information for Staff Information about Research Latest News Available and Remote Campus Services Institutional Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic Health & Safety: COVID-19 Guidelines and Protocols Building and Facilities Protocols Vaccination Policy Requests for Exemptions Attestation and Providing Proof Testing FAQs Take a Jab! Action Group Submit a Question UWindsor Home Return to Campus Vaccination Policy Attestation and Providing Proof Attestation and Providing Proof All members of the UWindsor campus community are required to fill out the vaccination attestation form. This applies to all those who are fully vaccinated, partially vaccinated (one dose) or unvaccinated. Partially vaccinated individuals will be required to submit the form after each vaccination to ensure all vaccine records are captured accurately. To attest to your vaccination status and upload your proof of vaccination (if applicable), visit uwindsor.ca/vaccine and log in with your UWinID and password. Effective January 4, 2022, Ontario is requiring the use of the enhanced vaccine certificate with QR code where proof of vaccination is required. In alignment with this provincial directive, effective January 10, 2022, proof of vaccination must be in the form of an enhanced vaccine certificate (with an official QR code), for residents of Ontario. Obtain the enhanced vaccine certificate with QR code through Ontario's COVID-19 website. Please note: Those who have previously completed their vaccination attestation do not need to update their information with the enhanced form, however any subsequent updates to vaccination status will require it. Out of Province COVID-19 Vaccine Registration If you received one or more doses of the COVID-19 vaccine out of province, register your information with the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit (WECHU) here: Out of Province COVID-19 Vaccine Registration WECHU will verify and record your vaccination records in COVaxON. If you do not have an Ontario health card, they can provide you with a unique pass code called a COVID ID. Once recorded, you will be able to obtain an enhanced vaccine certificate through the Ontario COVID-19 vaccination provincial portal or by calling the Provincial Vaccine Contact Centre at 1-833-943-3900 for further assistance. Upon completion of your attestation, you will receive a confirmation code required to complete the COVID-19 Self-Assessment in the Safe Lancer App prior to coming to campus. Alternatively, visitors to campus can attend the on-campus COVID-19 Testing Centre (Katzman Lounge in Vanier Hall) to have their vaccination records validated in person. Visitors who do not have the technology to complete the vaccine attestation survey or those who do not wish to upload their vaccination records may proceed to the COVID-19 Testing Centre, Monday to Friday (walk-in, 8 a.m. - 11 a.m., and by appointment from 1 p.m. to 4.m. by calling ext. 4549 or 4548) to have their proof of ID and vaccination records validated. Health & Safety staff will review their records and provide them with a UWindsor Vaccination Attestation Card. This card can be presented to any student ambassador in place of the proof of vaccination code to be granted access into the buildings. Once the card is obtained, it can be used for subsequent visits however the paper copy of the screening questions will need to be completed every visit. PLEASE NOTE: If attending an event as a spectator (i.e. Lancers sporting events), you will be required to show proof of vaccination at the gate, as well as government-issued photo ID, per provincial requirements in addition to the Safe Lancer screening questions. Completed the attestation but can't find your code? Visit https://account.uwindsor.ca/ Attestation status and code information is presented as part of your user account information. Attestation FAQ 1. What is an attestation? An attestation is a statement of proof or declaration of status. For this purpose, you’ll complete a simple form at uwindsor.ca/vaccine to declare your status. 2. What will I be asked? The questions are as follows: What is your primary association with the University of Windsor? How frequently will you visit the university campus during the Fall semester? Have you been vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19)? How many doses of the SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) vaccine have you received? Dose details (date, type, 1st or 2nd dose, lot number) 3. What will I receive upon completion of my attestation? You will receive a confirmation code. The code will also be emailed to you in a Response Summary PDF. The code is required to complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire. Upon completion of the questionnaire through the Safe Lancer App, depending on vaccination (or exemption) status, you may be granted a green (approved) QR code badge which is required to access campus. 4. What do I need to complete the attestation form? You will need your UWinID and password to complete your attestation. To provide proof of vaccination, you will need the enhanced vaccine certificate with QR code to show proof of vaccination. Get your enhanced vaccine certificate through Ontario's COVID-19 website: https://covid-19.ontario.ca/get-proof/ 5. Why is attestation necessary? The University is required to provide statistical (non-identifiable) information regarding vaccination status to the Ministry of Colleges and Universities. 6. How will the privacy of my vaccine attestation/proof be protected? Information collected in the Safe Lancer App will only be reported in aggregate form. Managers, supervisors, and course instructors are not permitted to view your declaration, nor to ask your vaccination status. Data on your vaccination status will be held for a two-year retention period. Proof of your vaccination records will be captured in the University’s Qualtrics system. However, only individuals in the Health and Safety department and ITS will have access to the system. The University reports this aggregate data weekly to the Chief Medical Officer of Health and the Ministry of Colleges and Universities. Vaccine records are stored by the Health & Safety Office (Human Resources Department) and the data is only accessed by authorized users. Records are only being used to verify vaccination status. Consequences of Non-Compliance The University reserves the right to take action with respect to any individual who breaches the COVID-19 Vaccination Policy, including any individual who submits false information to the University under the COVID-19 Vaccination Policy, or otherwise fails to comply with the University’s vaccination requirements, including attestation. Faculty and staff who have not completed the vaccination attestation requirement or are otherwise not adhering to the COVID-19 Vaccination Policy will be deemed to have made themselves unavailable for work, will not be permitted to access campus, and may be placed on an unpaid leave of absence. Students who have not completed the vaccination attestation requirement or are otherwise not adhering to the COVID-19 Vaccination Policy will not be permitted to access campus and will not be able to enroll in any face-to-face classes or labs for Winter 2022. Students will need to contact their program coordinator for any concerns this may cause. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
